mr. bangladeshi chillin with am rooted
on TV industry CA JLS and Rihanna yep
well what's your approach to when you
when you get out cool that you may be
whether different eyes cuz I'm CJ less a
sound and Rihanna sound are completely
different so do you have like a brief of
what they may be looking for I mean
they'd looking for what I do I'm saying
yeah that's why they want to work
honestly no jail let's restart because a
brandy single that i did with chris
brown on it the label assigned to the
president of that label and the
president of the label brainy's on our
friend so you know they you know hooked
it up like that you know it would be
good with JLS so um so that's hot i
heard the rihanna you know i'm on our
last time cockiness that I got you know
that play too boo you know booze working
on a vehicle's birthday a hard work yes
so I mean the relationship is is is
tight now you know I'm here in in in the
flesh so we actually met actually meet
her and get her vibe and uh you know she
she cool
real laid-back chill like just a fun
girl you know just taking it I got me
drinking whether you're working out kind
of like so like one thing but go no no
not shy mean our music is more like bite
when I say fun laid-back like she was in
kicking at mo like you know she's
chilling when I met her she was in our
shorts and shirt and hat you know
kicking in him saying um but she's a
young girl you know I'm saying she's a
young woman you know I'm saying that you
know women are you know women are sex
sexe de sexual there they're like you
know bossed up there like just all that
young saying so you got to put on it in
the music you got to put the energy in
it it's going to be high energy I mean
cockiness was like push the envelope no
suck my cockiness lick my persuasion
yeah looks good yeah sorry so you notice
it's just about doing that for me